as we keep it moving this is officially
the angle I'm the world famous DJ skki
we will keep it moving with that gangsta
shit live from the west coast y'all know
how we do only dropping classics here's
another one for you get at us on twitter
at the game at DJ skki we're gonna get
long time i had fucked up dreams wake up
in cold sweats can't sleep hit the
kitchen for some more way i get drunk
but i never smoking no wet been off two
or three months and i had no sex can
meditate exercising my mental bowflex
Michael Jackie dead which one it was
bout to go next me Mary J Robin Thicke a
Britney Spears and the guy ain't afraid
the diet's on the devil on right head
who I could take these strings out these
night airs time around the ceiling fan
and in the right head kick the matter
cuz I climb that twice hey love that I'm
one blood niggaz my life and I can die
if i want to her mama you could cry if
you want to just tell my son's be true
and as the maggots either way of my
flesh let this I style
I can't
I came
my
I tell your story you got to keep it
between us only other niggas that know
it splits darling plus I called bus when
I need a shoulder and I don't know he's
listening so he called me back and say I
told you but anyway my pops is a
pedophile are you sticking 28 year old
victim your channel and now I feel to be
52 and I have a son it's a million and
II don't fuck with you daddy she was
only in the sixth grade the day I heard
her scream why should I hit you with the
Switchblade then she ran but I ain't
know which way she ended up in Vegas
doing everything or pimp say I seen her
one Christmas with a black guy took it
to the storm bought a shades with my
last five my little sister is a
prostitute and i'ma tell you what I'm
about to do go
ok
game
I said I'm thinking on this gray hair
usually I being a seat with birds in a
tree Pam but this time I'm riding for a
family like Khalid did for Ross they
hold it down in my in on my way to
michigan not the CD 12 I'm knocking on
every door have you seen his female
there's a picture on my pretty baby
sister go on when she was chanting this
when I last Christmas no light skinned
girl long curly black hair sorry for
wasting your time my mother probably
don't care I feel like I walked longer
than just eight miles ran into a
boarded-up bmf safe house make me think
about all the time I spent with meats
making the rain in Magic City when life
is a georgia peach that life isn't right
Napa running faster than New York you
see my sister call me because life is
too short
ok I no way
Oh
gave her
can't find her
ok on her way